docs/source/gettingstarted.rst, before:

.. _gettingstarted:

Getting Started
===============

.. _build:

Build
-----

The Knut app is powered by the Qt framework and requires Qt 5.14. The app is
build using the ``qmake`` build tool by running from the project root directory::

   mkdir build
   qmake -o build/
   cd build
   make

To build an Android package (APK), you must use the for android dedicated
``qmake`` command. Furthermore, the environment variables ``JAVA_HOME``,
``ANDROID_SDK_ROOT`` and ``ANDROID_NDK_ROOT`` need to be set. With the correct
build setup, simply repeat the steps above but run make with the argument
``apk`` like::

   make apk

This will generate an ``*.apk`` file located in
`android-build/outputs/apk/debug/android-build-debug.apk` relative to your
``Makefile``.

The generated APK file can be installed directly on your connected phone by
running::

   adb install android-build/outputs/apk/debug/android-build-debug.apk

.. note::

   To get a clean build setup, get Qt from `here <https://www.qt.io/download>`_
   and select also the Android option in the installer. To setup the Android
   environment, you can download the `Android Studio
   <https://developer.android.com/studio>`_ and use its installer to setup the
   Android SDK.

Commit message:

fonts: Move font loading to theme
Move all font loading to the Theme module and extend the documentation
to outline the where the UI is looking for the fonts. Furthermore, the
build script is extended to download the fonts into the correct
directories automatically.

docs/source/gettingstarted.rst, after:

.. _gettingstarted:

Getting Started
===============

.. _build:

Build
-----

The Knut app is powered by the Qt framework and requires Qt 5.14. Before
building the app, some fonts required by the :ref:`appui` should be downloaded
first.  Those are the `Noto Sans <https://www.google.com/get/noto/>`_, `Roboto
Condensed <https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Condensed>`_ and the
`Weather Icons <https://github.com/erikflowers/weather-icons>`_ font. The UI
expects them to be found in the following directories::

   fonts/
   ├── noto
   │   └── NotoSans-Regular.ttf
   ├── roboto
   │   └── RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
   └── weather-icons
       └── weathericons-regular-webfont.ttf

To make life easy, you can simply run ``./build.sh -f`` to install all needed
fonts.

The app is build using the ``qmake`` build tool by running from the project root
directory::

   mkdir build
   qmake -o build/
   cd build
   make

To build an Android package (APK), you must use the for android dedicated
``qmake`` command. Furthermore, the environment variables ``JAVA_HOME``,
``ANDROID_SDK_ROOT`` and ``ANDROID_NDK_ROOT`` need to be set. With the correct
build setup, simply repeat the steps above but run make with the argument
``apk`` like::

   make apk

This will generate an ``*.apk`` file located in
`android-build/outputs/apk/debug/android-build-debug.apk` relative to your
``Makefile``.

The generated APK file can be installed directly on your connected phone by
running::

   adb install android-build/outputs/apk/debug/android-build-debug.apk

.. note::

   To get a clean build setup, get Qt from `here <https://www.qt.io/download>`_
   and select also the Android option in the installer. To setup the Android
   environment, you can download the `Android Studio
   <https://developer.android.com/studio>`_ and use its installer to setup the
   Android SDK.
